give it up for Sammy it's still amazing
to me that in racing the great crowd
feels that you have the last cup of all
suit we sit together you know now here
the people never forget you I mean it's
just amazing to me how many people love
the great Sammy beavers yet not today
but soon why you're one of the great
guys in racing say I'm not a what you
feel like an entertainer to the fans out
here and that's what it's all about
folks Jerry freed said it best years ago
my entertainers are here for this dirt
track to put on the show for you and
Sammy Hagar's was one of those guys and
Sammy I want to tell you the races that
iPods to competed I mean you know how to
get a car from in the middle of the pack
the back of the pack to the front of the
pack and that to me is one talent that
only the great drivers have because the
other guys can just stay in line and run
with the boys Sammy tell us the urine
racing that you decided to juice either
drag a little Cooper see Dan and start
to go racing well with actually
mr. Formica safe box seats for my nephew
my cousins and stuff like that and then
some guys were going around and I said
you know I think I could go faster than
that so we we go a car with a 53 mercury
flathead in tow and we took it to
Farmington and the be on his way in now
I took it out and the sweat was wrong
off me like you wouldn't believe
like today Hey like today one of the guy
said what do you think I sign me the
cambiar that appear and the official
seen it and said way you can't race and
I said oh my god and that was that was
actually my first race that that was at
Flemington then I want the mattress and
we did very good at madness and then
there was a guy up there was a young guy
but until well known was it called berry
wind ready and he was leading the race
and I was running a second but my car
would break up in the corner there booth
of the blue it's like a hold it to the
floor and I'm looking at this guy had a
Hudson and I'm gaining on him but a
yellow light come on in that tree online
looking twenty feet from my car because
I'm just driving like you couldn't
believe
and yell like c'mon and I won't buy this
guy after I had to lead well meanwhile
there was an accident on the racetrack I
come around and hit the accident but
end-over-end back then you had no dancer
or a uniforms
so I'm trying to get out of a car and
every time I stick my head wouldn't
stuff I punch me between the eyes so I'm
gonna button the heck is going on here
they don't like me and they said you're
a nut you know that even then finally
they got me all partner everything
everything was alright yep
no fans out there you know you rarely
hear these stories don't you you know
when you read the area order racing news
or some other papers you never hear the
stories you hear when you come out the
defunded Cantera ground
Orlin sandy how about it when you come
up to the studio with us and you sit in
there for a couple hours
those are the great stories fans you
guys have got to turn us on Monday night
and here are some great live racing
stories about all these famous guys when
they come into the studio we don't have
any better shows and I'm telling you not
that is the fact that Jimmy he'll tell
you when he comes our studio we just
have the greatest time two hours of
racing help master Jack let's it all
happen that's the truth of the whole
Vader you know Sammy you've groped
you've been in some of the greatest
right
probably that a lot of drivers have ever
had an opportunity to sit into you know
and tell us you know without Burton some
owners feelings what do you think was
probably one of the greatest cars
besides stuff he built yourself that you
had an opportunity to race him I
actually did until Jimmy
and all that what they are overseen
towards and something like that but when
I started out I gotta admit 243 they
they see me run my 77a which we did good
at and then I got in a gym for 43 and he
was a young guy and I am guy and we got
going did the little kid he used to sit
on my lap and kind of like steer the car
said I'm bad so then I left there and
went to the 13 and we did very good in
the gym Florida 13 and then I went from
there and I love to don't even burning
them tonight he said a lot of people
don't have pictures of these bars and I
raced in seven times we have won six and
I got a second out of seven but he had a
retired started at health problems so
then I looked at the one which really
often had well it's excessive but then
they had a lot of problems and building
left a car they called me up and then my
cousin went bad and we did a lot a lot
of reasons you know we won a lot of
races a good time and this and that and
then I went back and forth with
different cars on and off but I had a
good career but I will say racing if you
will be achieving a racer
you've got to really enjoy it and no
matter what your heart like if you're a
golf player some people are just natural
that that that different things you
could be only
it could be racing and if you're an
actor at it it just comes to you
automatically and it's a great field
yeah it's it's kind of in my mind that
you would say that because you know all
of the great drivers today when you talk
to them and we just had a great
conversation with the noted racecar
driver bill Whittle and you know Bill is
kind of a humble guy you've got to get a
chance to read his book but you notice
some really great stories in there and
it's a story about life more than it is
about racing and save me every time we
have you on you know it's more yeah we
hear your story about racing but we hear
your story about in your life now tell
you what it's so good we've got the new
you watch you race you've entertained us
and we're damn proud of it to tell you
the truth and there's no other guy who
can say it probably except for my
brother Steve over there